com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcControlExtension.IfcPerformanceHistoryTypeEnum - IfcPerformanceHistoryTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcControlExtension.IfcPerformanceHistory - IfcPerformanceHistory
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcControlExtension.IfcRelAssociatesApproval - IfcRelAssociatesApproval
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcControlExtension.IfcRelAssociatesConstraint - IfcRelAssociatesConstraint
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertySetDefinitionSet - IfcPropertySetDefinitionSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcComplexPropertyTemplateTypeEnum - IfcComplexPropertyTemplateTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcObjectTypeEnum - IfcObjectTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertySetTemplateTypeEnum - IfcPropertySetTemplateTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcSimplePropertyTemplateTypeEnum - IfcSimplePropertyTemplateTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcDefinitionSelect - IfcDefinitionSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcProcessSelect - IfcProcessSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcProductSelect - IfcProductSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect - IfcPropertySetDefinitionSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcResourceSelect - IfcResourceSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcActor - IfcActor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcComplexPropertyTemplate - IfcComplexPropertyTemplate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcContext - IfcContext
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcControl - IfcControl
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcGroup - IfcGroup
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcObject - IfcObject
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcObjectDefinition - IfcObjectDefinition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPreDefinedPropertySet - IfcPreDefinedPropertySet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcProcess - IfcProcess
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcProduct - IfcProduct
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcProject - IfcProject
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcProjectLibrary - IfcProjectLibrary
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertyDefinition - IfcPropertyDefinition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertySet - IfcPropertySet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertySetDefinition - IfcPropertySetDefinition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertySetTemplate - IfcPropertySetTemplate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertyTemplate - IfcPropertyTemplate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition - IfcPropertyTemplateDefinition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcProxy - IfcProxy
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcQuantitySet - IfcQuantitySet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAggregates - IfcRelAggregates
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssigns - IfcRelAssigns
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssignsToActor - IfcRelAssignsToActor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssignsToControl - IfcRelAssignsToControl
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssignsToGroup - IfcRelAssignsToGroup
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssignsToGroupByFactor - IfcRelAssignsToGroupByFactor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssignsToProcess - IfcRelAssignsToProcess
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssignsToProduct - IfcRelAssignsToProduct
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssignsToResource - IfcRelAssignsToResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssociates - IfcRelAssociates
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssociatesClassification - IfcRelAssociatesClassification
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssociatesDocument - IfcRelAssociatesDocument
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelAssociatesLibrary - IfcRelAssociatesLibrary
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelationship - IfcRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelConnects - IfcRelConnects
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelDeclares - IfcRelDeclares
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelDecomposes - IfcRelDecomposes
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelDefines - IfcRelDefines
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelDefinesByObject - IfcRelDefinesByObject
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelDefinesByProperties - IfcRelDefinesByProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelDefinesByTemplate - IfcRelDefinesByTemplate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelDefinesByType - IfcRelDefinesByType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRelNests - IfcRelNests
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcResource - IfcResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcRoot - IfcRoot
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcSimplePropertyTemplate - IfcSimplePropertyTemplate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcTypeObject - IfcTypeObject
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcTypeProcess - IfcTypeProcess
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcTypeProduct - IfcTypeProduct
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcKernel.IfcTypeResource - IfcTypeResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcEventTriggerTypeEnum - IfcEventTriggerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcEventTypeEnum - IfcEventTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcProcedureTypeEnum - IfcProcedureTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcSequenceEnum - IfcSequenceEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcTaskTypeEnum - IfcTaskTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcWorkCalendarTypeEnum - IfcWorkCalendarTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcWorkPlanTypeEnum - IfcWorkPlanTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcWorkScheduleTypeEnum - IfcWorkScheduleTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcEvent - IfcEvent
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcEventType - IfcEventType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcProcedure - IfcProcedure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcProcedureType - IfcProcedureType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcRelSequence - IfcRelSequence
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcTask - IfcTask
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcTaskType - IfcTaskType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcWorkCalendar - IfcWorkCalendar
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcWorkControl - IfcWorkControl
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcWorkPlan - IfcWorkPlan
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProcessExtension.IfcWorkSchedule - IfcWorkSchedule
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum - IfcAssemblyPlaceEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum - IfcElementAssemblyTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcElementCompositionEnum - IfcElementCompositionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcExternalSpatialElementTypeEnum - IfcExternalSpatialElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum - IfcGeographicElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcGridTypeEnum - IfcGridTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcInternalOrExternalEnum - IfcInternalOrExternalEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcOpeningElementTypeEnum - IfcOpeningElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum - IfcPhysicalOrVirtualEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcProjectionElementTypeEnum - IfcProjectionElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpaceTypeEnum - IfcSpaceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum - IfcSpatialZoneTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcTransportElementTypeEnum - IfcTransportElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpaceBoundarySelect - IfcSpaceBoundarySelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcAnnotation - IfcAnnotation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcBuilding - IfcBuilding
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcBuildingElement - IfcBuildingElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcBuildingElementType - IfcBuildingElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcBuildingStorey - IfcBuildingStorey
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcCivilElement - IfcCivilElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcCivilElementType - IfcCivilElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcDistributionElement - IfcDistributionElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcDistributionElementType - IfcDistributionElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcElement - IfcElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcElementAssembly - IfcElementAssembly
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcElementAssemblyType - IfcElementAssemblyType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcElementQuantity - IfcElementQuantity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcElementType - IfcElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcExternalSpatialElement - IfcExternalSpatialElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement - IfcExternalSpatialStructureElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcFeatureElement - IfcFeatureElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcFeatureElementAddition - IfcFeatureElementAddition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcFeatureElementSubtraction - IfcFeatureElementSubtraction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcFurnishingElement - IfcFurnishingElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcFurnishingElementType - IfcFurnishingElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcGeographicElement - IfcGeographicElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcGeographicElementType - IfcGeographicElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcGrid - IfcGrid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcOpeningElement - IfcOpeningElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcOpeningStandardCase - IfcOpeningStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcPort - IfcPort
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcProjectionElement - IfcProjectionElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelAssociatesMaterial - IfcRelAssociatesMaterial
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelConnectsElements - IfcRelConnectsElements
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelConnectsPorts - IfcRelConnectsPorts
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelConnectsPortToElement - IfcRelConnectsPortToElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelConnectsWithRealizingElements - IfcRelConnectsWithRealizingElements
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure - IfcRelContainedInSpatialStructure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelFillsElement - IfcRelFillsElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelInterferesElements - IfcRelInterferesElements
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelProjectsElement - IfcRelProjectsElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure - IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelServicesBuildings - IfcRelServicesBuildings
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelSpaceBoundary - IfcRelSpaceBoundary
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelSpaceBoundary1stLevel - IfcRelSpaceBoundary1stLevel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelSpaceBoundary2ndLevel - IfcRelSpaceBoundary2ndLevel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcRelVoidsElement - IfcRelVoidsElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSite - IfcSite
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpace - IfcSpace
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpaceType - IfcSpaceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpatialElement - IfcSpatialElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpatialElementType - IfcSpatialElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpatialStructureElement - IfcSpatialStructureElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpatialStructureElementType - IfcSpatialStructureElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpatialZone - IfcSpatialZone
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSpatialZoneType - IfcSpatialZoneType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcSystem - IfcSystem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcTransportElement - IfcTransportElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcTransportElementType - IfcTransportElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcVirtualElement - IfcVirtualElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProductExtension.IfcZone - IfcZone
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBeamTypeEnum - IfcBeamTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum - IfcBuildingElementProxyTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBuildingSystemTypeEnum - IfcBuildingSystemTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcChimneyTypeEnum - IfcChimneyTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcColumnTypeEnum - IfcColumnTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcConnectionTypeEnum - IfcConnectionTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcCoveringTypeEnum - IfcCoveringTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcCurtainWallTypeEnum - IfcCurtainWallTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcDoorTypeEnum - IfcDoorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcDoorTypeOperationEnum - IfcDoorTypeOperationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcMemberTypeEnum - IfcMemberTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcPlateTypeEnum - IfcPlateTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRailingTypeEnum - IfcRailingTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRampFlightTypeEnum - IfcRampFlightTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRampTypeEnum - IfcRampTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRoofTypeEnum - IfcRoofTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum - IfcShadingDeviceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcSlabTypeEnum - IfcSlabTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcStairFlightTypeEnum - IfcStairFlightTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcStairTypeEnum - IfcStairTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWallTypeEnum - IfcWallTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWindowTypeEnum - IfcWindowTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWindowTypePartitioningEnum - IfcWindowTypePartitioningEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBeam - IfcBeam
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBeamStandardCase - IfcBeamStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBeamType - IfcBeamType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBuildingElementProxy - IfcBuildingElementProxy
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBuildingElementProxyType - IfcBuildingElementProxyType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcBuildingSystem - IfcBuildingSystem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcChimney - IfcChimney
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcChimneyType - IfcChimneyType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcColumn - IfcColumn
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcColumnStandardCase - IfcColumnStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcColumnType - IfcColumnType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcCovering - IfcCovering
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcCoveringType - IfcCoveringType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcCurtainWall - IfcCurtainWall
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcCurtainWallType - IfcCurtainWallType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcDoor - IfcDoor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcDoorStandardCase - IfcDoorStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcDoorType - IfcDoorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcMember - IfcMember
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcMemberStandardCase - IfcMemberStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcMemberType - IfcMemberType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcPlate - IfcPlate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcPlateStandardCase - IfcPlateStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcPlateType - IfcPlateType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRailing - IfcRailing
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRailingType - IfcRailingType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRamp - IfcRamp
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRampFlight - IfcRampFlight
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRampFlightType - IfcRampFlightType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRampType - IfcRampType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRelConnectsPathElements - IfcRelConnectsPathElements
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRelCoversBldgElements - IfcRelCoversBldgElements
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRelCoversSpaces - IfcRelCoversSpaces
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRoof - IfcRoof
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcRoofType - IfcRoofType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcShadingDevice - IfcShadingDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcShadingDeviceType - IfcShadingDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcSlab - IfcSlab
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcSlabElementedCase - IfcSlabElementedCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcSlabStandardCase - IfcSlabStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcSlabType - IfcSlabType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcStair - IfcStair
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcStairFlight - IfcStairFlight
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcStairFlightType - IfcStairFlightType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcStairType - IfcStairType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWall - IfcWall
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWallElementedCase - IfcWallElementedCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWallStandardCase - IfcWallStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWallType - IfcWallType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWindow - IfcWindow
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWindowStandardCase - IfcWindowStandardCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgElements.IfcWindowType - IfcWindowType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum - IfcDistributionChamberElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionPortTypeEnum - IfcDistributionPortTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionSystemEnum - IfcDistributionSystemEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowDirectionEnum - IfcFlowDirectionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionChamberElement - IfcDistributionChamberElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionChamberElementType - IfcDistributionChamberElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionCircuit - IfcDistributionCircuit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionControlElement - IfcDistributionControlElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionControlElementType - IfcDistributionControlElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionFlowElement - IfcDistributionFlowElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionFlowElementType - IfcDistributionFlowElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionPort - IfcDistributionPort
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcDistributionSystem - IfcDistributionSystem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcEnergyConversionDevice - IfcEnergyConversionDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType - IfcEnergyConversionDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowController - IfcFlowController
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowControllerType - IfcFlowControllerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowFitting - IfcFlowFitting
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowFittingType - IfcFlowFittingType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowMovingDevice - IfcFlowMovingDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowMovingDeviceType - IfcFlowMovingDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowSegment - IfcFlowSegment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowSegmentType - IfcFlowSegmentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowStorageDevice - IfcFlowStorageDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowStorageDeviceType - IfcFlowStorageDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowTerminal - IfcFlowTerminal
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowTerminalType - IfcFlowTerminalType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowTreatmentDevice - IfcFlowTreatmentDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType - IfcFlowTreatmentDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedBldgServiceElements.IfcRelFlowControlElements - IfcRelFlowControlElements
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum - IfcBuildingElementPartTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum - IfcDiscreteAccessoryTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcFastenerTypeEnum - IfcFastenerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcMechanicalFastenerTypeEnum - IfcMechanicalFastenerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcBuildingElementPart - IfcBuildingElementPart
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcBuildingElementPartType - IfcBuildingElementPartType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcDiscreteAccessory - IfcDiscreteAccessory
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcDiscreteAccessoryType - IfcDiscreteAccessoryType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcElementComponent - IfcElementComponent
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcElementComponentType - IfcElementComponentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcFastener - IfcFastener
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcFastenerType - IfcFastenerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcMechanicalFastener - IfcMechanicalFastener
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedComponentElements.IfcMechanicalFastenerType - IfcMechanicalFastenerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcFurnitureTypeEnum - IfcFurnitureTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcInventoryTypeEnum - IfcInventoryTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcOccupantTypeEnum - IfcOccupantTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum - IfcSystemFurnitureElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcAsset - IfcAsset
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcFurniture - IfcFurniture
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcFurnitureType - IfcFurnitureType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcInventory - IfcInventory
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcOccupant - IfcOccupant
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcSystemFurnitureElement - IfcSystemFurnitureElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedFacilitiesElements.IfcSystemFurnitureElementType - IfcSystemFurnitureElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcActionRequestTypeEnum - IfcActionRequestTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcCostItemTypeEnum - IfcCostItemTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcCostScheduleTypeEnum - IfcCostScheduleTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcPermitTypeEnum - IfcPermitTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcProjectOrderTypeEnum - IfcProjectOrderTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcActionRequest - IfcActionRequest
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcCostItem - IfcCostItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcCostSchedule - IfcCostSchedule
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcPermit - IfcPermit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcSharedMgmtElements.IfcProjectOrder - IfcProjectOrder
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcDoorPanelOperationEnum - IfcDoorPanelOperationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcDoorPanelPositionEnum - IfcDoorPanelPositionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcDoorStyleConstructionEnum - IfcDoorStyleConstructionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcDoorStyleOperationEnum - IfcDoorStyleOperationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcPermeableCoveringOperationEnum - IfcPermeableCoveringOperationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcWindowPanelOperationEnum - IfcWindowPanelOperationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcWindowPanelPositionEnum - IfcWindowPanelPositionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcWindowStyleConstructionEnum - IfcWindowStyleConstructionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcWindowStyleOperationEnum - IfcWindowStyleOperationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcDoorLiningProperties - IfcDoorLiningProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcDoorPanelProperties - IfcDoorPanelProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcDoorStyle - IfcDoorStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcPermeableCoveringProperties - IfcPermeableCoveringProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcWindowLiningProperties - IfcWindowLiningProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcWindowPanelProperties - IfcWindowPanelProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcArchitectureDomain.IfcWindowStyle - IfcWindowStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcActuatorTypeEnum - IfcActuatorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcAlarmTypeEnum - IfcAlarmTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcControllerTypeEnum - IfcControllerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum - IfcFlowInstrumentTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcSensorTypeEnum - IfcSensorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum - IfcUnitaryControlElementTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcActuator - IfcActuator
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcActuatorType - IfcActuatorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcAlarm - IfcAlarm
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcAlarmType - IfcAlarmType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcController - IfcController
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcControllerType - IfcControllerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcFlowInstrument - IfcFlowInstrument
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcFlowInstrumentType - IfcFlowInstrumentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcSensor - IfcSensor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcSensorType - IfcSensorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcUnitaryControlElement - IfcUnitaryControlElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcBuildingControlsDomain.IfcUnitaryControlElementType - IfcUnitaryControlElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionEquipmentResourceTypeEnum - IfcConstructionEquipmentResourceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionMaterialResourceTypeEnum - IfcConstructionMaterialResourceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionProductResourceTypeEnum - IfcConstructionProductResourceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcCrewResourceTypeEnum - IfcCrewResourceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcLaborResourceTypeEnum - IfcLaborResourceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcSubContractResourceTypeEnum - IfcSubContractResourceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionEquipmentResource - IfcConstructionEquipmentResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionEquipmentResourceType - IfcConstructionEquipmentResourceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionMaterialResource - IfcConstructionMaterialResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionMaterialResourceType - IfcConstructionMaterialResourceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionProductResource - IfcConstructionProductResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionProductResourceType - IfcConstructionProductResourceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionResource - IfcConstructionResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcConstructionResourceType - IfcConstructionResourceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcCrewResource - IfcCrewResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcCrewResourceType - IfcCrewResourceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcLaborResource - IfcLaborResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcLaborResourceType - IfcLaborResourceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcSubContractResource - IfcSubContractResource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstructionMgmtDomain.IfcSubContractResourceType - IfcSubContractResourceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum - IfcAudioVisualApplianceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum - IfcCableCarrierFittingTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum - IfcCableCarrierSegmentTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableFittingTypeEnum - IfcCableFittingTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum - IfcCableSegmentTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum - IfcCommunicationsApplianceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum - IfcElectricApplianceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum - IfcElectricDistributionBoardTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum - IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum - IfcElectricGeneratorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum - IfcElectricMotorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricTimeControlTypeEnum - IfcElectricTimeControlTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum - IfcJunctionBoxTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcLampTypeEnum - IfcLampTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum - IfcLightFixtureTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum - IfcMotorConnectionTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcOutletTypeEnum - IfcOutletTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum - IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum - IfcProtectiveDeviceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum - IfcSolarDeviceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum - IfcSwitchingDeviceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcTransformerTypeEnum - IfcTransformerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcAudioVisualAppliance - IfcAudioVisualAppliance
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcAudioVisualApplianceType - IfcAudioVisualApplianceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableCarrierFitting - IfcCableCarrierFitting
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableCarrierFittingType - IfcCableCarrierFittingType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableCarrierSegment - IfcCableCarrierSegment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableCarrierSegmentType - IfcCableCarrierSegmentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableFitting - IfcCableFitting
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableFittingType - IfcCableFittingType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableSegment - IfcCableSegment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCableSegmentType - IfcCableSegmentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCommunicationsAppliance - IfcCommunicationsAppliance
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcCommunicationsApplianceType - IfcCommunicationsApplianceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricAppliance - IfcElectricAppliance
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricApplianceType - IfcElectricApplianceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricDistributionBoard - IfcElectricDistributionBoard
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricDistributionBoardType - IfcElectricDistributionBoardType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricFlowStorageDevice - IfcElectricFlowStorageDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceType - IfcElectricFlowStorageDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricGenerator - IfcElectricGenerator
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricGeneratorType - IfcElectricGeneratorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricMotor - IfcElectricMotor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricMotorType - IfcElectricMotorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricTimeControl - IfcElectricTimeControl
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcElectricTimeControlType - IfcElectricTimeControlType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcJunctionBox - IfcJunctionBox
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcJunctionBoxType - IfcJunctionBoxType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcLamp - IfcLamp
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcLampType - IfcLampType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcLightFixture - IfcLightFixture
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcLightFixtureType - IfcLightFixtureType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcMotorConnection - IfcMotorConnection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcMotorConnectionType - IfcMotorConnectionType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcOutlet - IfcOutlet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcOutletType - IfcOutletType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcProtectiveDevice - IfcProtectiveDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnit - IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitType - IfcProtectiveDeviceTrippingUnitType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcProtectiveDeviceType - IfcProtectiveDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcSolarDevice - IfcSolarDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcSolarDeviceType - IfcSolarDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcSwitchingDevice - IfcSwitchingDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcSwitchingDeviceType - IfcSwitchingDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcTransformer - IfcTransformer
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcElectricalDomain.IfcTransformerType - IfcTransformerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum - IfcAirTerminalBoxTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum - IfcAirTerminalTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum - IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcBoilerTypeEnum - IfcBoilerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcBurnerTypeEnum - IfcBurnerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcChillerTypeEnum - IfcChillerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCoilTypeEnum - IfcCoilTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCompressorTypeEnum - IfcCompressorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCondenserTypeEnum - IfcCondenserTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum - IfcCooledBeamTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum - IfcCoolingTowerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDamperTypeEnum - IfcDamperTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum - IfcDuctFittingTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum - IfcDuctSegmentTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum - IfcDuctSilencerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEngineTypeEnum - IfcEngineTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum - IfcEvaporativeCoolerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum - IfcEvaporatorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFanTypeEnum - IfcFanTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFilterTypeEnum - IfcFilterTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum - IfcFlowMeterTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcHeatExchangerTypeEnum - IfcHeatExchangerTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcHumidifierTypeEnum - IfcHumidifierTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum - IfcMedicalDeviceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum - IfcPipeFittingTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum - IfcPipeSegmentTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPumpTypeEnum - IfcPumpTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum - IfcSpaceHeaterTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcTankTypeEnum - IfcTankTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum - IfcTubeBundleTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum - IfcUnitaryEquipmentTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcValveTypeEnum - IfcValveTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum - IfcVibrationIsolatorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirTerminal - IfcAirTerminal
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirTerminalBox - IfcAirTerminalBox
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirTerminalBoxType - IfcAirTerminalBoxType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirTerminalType - IfcAirTerminalType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery - IfcAirToAirHeatRecovery
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryType - IfcAirToAirHeatRecoveryType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcBoiler - IfcBoiler
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcBoilerType - IfcBoilerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcBurner - IfcBurner
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcBurnerType - IfcBurnerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcChiller - IfcChiller
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcChillerType - IfcChillerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCoil - IfcCoil
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCoilType - IfcCoilType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCompressor - IfcCompressor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCompressorType - IfcCompressorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCondenser - IfcCondenser
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCondenserType - IfcCondenserType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCooledBeam - IfcCooledBeam
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCooledBeamType - IfcCooledBeamType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCoolingTower - IfcCoolingTower
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcCoolingTowerType - IfcCoolingTowerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDamper - IfcDamper
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDamperType - IfcDamperType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctFitting - IfcDuctFitting
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctFittingType - IfcDuctFittingType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctSegment - IfcDuctSegment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctSegmentType - IfcDuctSegmentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctSilencer - IfcDuctSilencer
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcDuctSilencerType - IfcDuctSilencerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEngine - IfcEngine
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEngineType - IfcEngineType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEvaporativeCooler - IfcEvaporativeCooler
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEvaporativeCoolerType - IfcEvaporativeCoolerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEvaporator - IfcEvaporator
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcEvaporatorType - IfcEvaporatorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFan - IfcFan
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFanType - IfcFanType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFilter - IfcFilter
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFilterType - IfcFilterType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFlowMeter - IfcFlowMeter
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcFlowMeterType - IfcFlowMeterType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcHeatExchanger - IfcHeatExchanger
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcHeatExchangerType - IfcHeatExchangerType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcHumidifier - IfcHumidifier
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcHumidifierType - IfcHumidifierType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcMedicalDevice - IfcMedicalDevice
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcMedicalDeviceType - IfcMedicalDeviceType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPipeFitting - IfcPipeFitting
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPipeFittingType - IfcPipeFittingType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPipeSegment - IfcPipeSegment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPipeSegmentType - IfcPipeSegmentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPump - IfcPump
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcPumpType - IfcPumpType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcSpaceHeater - IfcSpaceHeater
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcSpaceHeaterType - IfcSpaceHeaterType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcTank - IfcTank
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcTankType - IfcTankType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcTubeBundle - IfcTubeBundle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcTubeBundleType - IfcTubeBundleType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcUnitaryEquipment - IfcUnitaryEquipment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcUnitaryEquipmentType - IfcUnitaryEquipmentType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcValve - IfcValve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcValveType - IfcValveType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcVibrationIsolator - IfcVibrationIsolator
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcHvacDomain.IfcVibrationIsolatorType - IfcVibrationIsolatorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum - IfcFireSuppressionTerminalTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcInterceptorTypeEnum - IfcInterceptorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcSanitaryTerminalTypeEnum - IfcSanitaryTerminalTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum - IfcStackTerminalTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum - IfcWasteTerminalTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcFireSuppressionTerminal - IfcFireSuppressionTerminal
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcFireSuppressionTerminalType - IfcFireSuppressionTerminalType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcInterceptor - IfcInterceptor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcInterceptorType - IfcInterceptorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcSanitaryTerminal - IfcSanitaryTerminal
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcSanitaryTerminalType - IfcSanitaryTerminalType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcStackTerminal - IfcStackTerminal
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcStackTerminalType - IfcStackTerminalType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcWasteTerminal - IfcWasteTerminal
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPlumbingFireProtectionDomain.IfcWasteTerminalType - IfcWasteTerminalType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcActionSourceTypeEnum - IfcActionSourceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcActionTypeEnum - IfcActionTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcAnalysisModelTypeEnum - IfcAnalysisModelTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcAnalysisTheoryTypeEnum - IfcAnalysisTheoryTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcLoadGroupTypeEnum - IfcLoadGroupTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum - IfcProjectedOrTrueLengthEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralCurveActivityTypeEnum - IfcStructuralCurveActivityTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralCurveMemberTypeEnum - IfcStructuralCurveMemberTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum - IfcStructuralSurfaceActivityTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralSurfaceMemberTypeEnum - IfcStructuralSurfaceMemberTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralActivityAssignmentSelect - IfcStructuralActivityAssignmentSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity - IfcRelConnectsStructuralActivity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember - IfcRelConnectsStructuralMember
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcRelConnectsWithEccentricity - IfcRelConnectsWithEccentricity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralAction - IfcStructuralAction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralActivity - IfcStructuralActivity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralAnalysisModel - IfcStructuralAnalysisModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralConnection - IfcStructuralConnection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralCurveAction - IfcStructuralCurveAction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralCurveConnection - IfcStructuralCurveConnection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralCurveMember - IfcStructuralCurveMember
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralCurveMemberVarying - IfcStructuralCurveMemberVarying
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralCurveReaction - IfcStructuralCurveReaction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralItem - IfcStructuralItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralLinearAction - IfcStructuralLinearAction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralLoadCase - IfcStructuralLoadCase
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralLoadGroup - IfcStructuralLoadGroup
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralMember - IfcStructuralMember
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralPlanarAction - IfcStructuralPlanarAction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralPointAction - IfcStructuralPointAction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralPointConnection - IfcStructuralPointConnection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralPointReaction - IfcStructuralPointReaction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralReaction - IfcStructuralReaction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralResultGroup - IfcStructuralResultGroup
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralSurfaceAction - IfcStructuralSurfaceAction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralSurfaceConnection - IfcStructuralSurfaceConnection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralSurfaceMember - IfcStructuralSurfaceMember
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralSurfaceMemberVarying - IfcStructuralSurfaceMemberVarying
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralAnalysisDomain.IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction - IfcStructuralSurfaceReaction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcFootingTypeEnum - IfcFootingTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcPileConstructionEnum - IfcPileConstructionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcPileTypeEnum - IfcPileTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingBarTypeEnum - IfcReinforcingBarTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingMeshTypeEnum - IfcReinforcingMeshTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcSurfaceFeatureTypeEnum - IfcSurfaceFeatureTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum - IfcTendonAnchorTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcTendonTypeEnum - IfcTendonTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcVoidingFeatureTypeEnum - IfcVoidingFeatureTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcBendingParameterSelect - IfcBendingParameterSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcFooting - IfcFooting
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcFootingType - IfcFootingType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcPile - IfcPile
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcPileType - IfcPileType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcementDefinitionProperties - IfcReinforcementDefinitionProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingBar - IfcReinforcingBar
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingBarType - IfcReinforcingBarType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingElement - IfcReinforcingElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingElementType - IfcReinforcingElementType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingMesh - IfcReinforcingMesh
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcReinforcingMeshType - IfcReinforcingMeshType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcSurfaceFeature - IfcSurfaceFeature
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcTendon - IfcTendon
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcTendonAnchor - IfcTendonAnchor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcTendonAnchorType - IfcTendonAnchorType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcTendonType - IfcTendonType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralElementsDomain.IfcVoidingFeature - IfcVoidingFeature
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcAddressTypeEnum - IfcAddressTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcRoleEnum - IfcRoleEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcActorSelect - IfcActorSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcActorRole - IfcActorRole
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcAddress - IfcAddress
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcOrganization - IfcOrganization
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcOrganizationRelationship - IfcOrganizationRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcPerson - IfcPerson
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcPersonAndOrganization - IfcPersonAndOrganization
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcPostalAddress - IfcPostalAddress
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcActorResource.IfcTelecomAddress - IfcTelecomAddress
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcApprovalResource.IfcApproval - IfcApproval
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcApprovalResource.IfcApprovalRelationship - IfcApprovalRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcApprovalResource.IfcResourceApprovalRelationship - IfcResourceApprovalRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcBenchmarkEnum - IfcBenchmarkEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcConstraintEnum - IfcConstraintEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcLogicalOperatorEnum - IfcLogicalOperatorEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcObjectiveEnum - IfcObjectiveEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcMetricValueSelect - IfcMetricValueSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcConstraint - IfcConstraint
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcMetric - IfcMetric
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcObjective - IfcObjective
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcReference - IfcReference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcConstraintResource.IfcResourceConstraintRelationship - IfcResourceConstraintRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcCostResource.IfcArithmeticOperatorEnum - IfcArithmeticOperatorEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcCostResource.IfcAppliedValueSelect - IfcAppliedValueSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcCostResource.IfcAppliedValue - IfcAppliedValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcCostResource.IfcCostValue - IfcCostValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcCostResource.IfcCurrencyRelationship - IfcCurrencyRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcDataOriginEnum - IfcDataOriginEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcDate - IfcDate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcDateTime - IfcDateTimeIfcDateTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcDayInMonthNumber - IfcDayInMonthNumber
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcDayInWeekNumber - IfcDayInWeekNumber
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcDuration - IfcDuration
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcRecurrenceTypeEnum - IfcRecurrenceTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTaskDurationEnum - IfcTaskDurationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTimeSeriesDataTypeEnum - IfcTimeSeriesDataTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTimeOrRatioSelect - IfcTimeOrRatioSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcEventTime - IfcEventTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcIrregularTimeSeries - IfcIrregularTimeSeries
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcIrregularTimeSeriesValue - IfcIrregularTimeSeriesValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcLagTime - IfcLagTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcMonthInYearNumber - IfcMonthInYearNumber
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcRecurrencePattern - IfcRecurrencePattern
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcRegularTimeSeries - IfcRegularTimeSeries
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcResourceTime - IfcResourceTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcSchedulingTime - IfcSchedulingTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTaskTime - IfcTaskTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTaskTimeRecurring - IfcTaskTimeRecurring
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTime - IfcTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTimePeriod - IfcTimePeriod
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTimeSeries - IfcTimeSeries
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTimeSeriesValue - IfcTimeSeriesValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcTimeStamp - IfcTimeStamp
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcDateTimeResource.IfcWorkTime - IfcWorkTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcLanguageId - IfcLanguageId
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcDocumentConfidentialityEnum - IfcDocumentConfidentialityEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcDocumentStatusEnum - IfcDocumentStatusEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcClassificationReferenceSelect - IfcClassificationReferenceSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcClassificationSelect - IfcClassificationSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcDocumentSelect - IfcDocumentSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcLibrarySelect - IfcLibrarySelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcResourceObjectSelect - IfcResourceObjectSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcClassification - IfcClassification
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcClassificationReference - IfcClassificationReference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcDocumentInformation - IfcDocumentInformation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcDocumentInformationRelationship - IfcDocumentInformationRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcDocumentReference - IfcDocumentReference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcExternalInformation - IfcExternalInformation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcExternalReference - IfcExternalReference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcExternalReferenceRelationship - IfcExternalReferenceRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcLibraryInformation - IfcLibraryInformation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcLibraryReference - IfcLibraryReference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcResourceLevelRelationship - IfcResourceLevelRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcExternalReferenceResource.IfcURIReference - IfcURIReference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcCurveOrEdgeCurve - IfcCurveOrEdgeCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcGridPlacementDirectionSelect - IfcGridPlacementDirectionSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcPointOrVertexPoint - IfcPointOrVertexPoint
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcSolidOrShell - IfcSolidOrShell
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcSurfaceOrFaceSurface - IfcSurfaceOrFaceSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcConnectionCurveGeometry - IfcConnectionCurveGeometry
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcConnectionGeometry - IfcConnectionGeometry
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcConnectionPointEccentricity - IfcConnectionPointEccentricity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcConnectionPointGeometry - IfcConnectionPointGeometry
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcConnectionSurfaceGeometry - IfcConnectionSurfaceGeometry
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcConnectionVolumeGeometry - IfcConnectionVolumeGeometry
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcGridAxis - IfcGridAxis
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcGridPlacement - IfcGridPlacement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcLocalPlacement - IfcLocalPlacement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcObjectPlacement - IfcObjectPlacement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricConstraintResource.IfcVirtualGridIntersection - IfcVirtualGridIntersection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcBooleanOperator - IfcBooleanOperator
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcBooleanOperand - IfcBooleanOperand
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcCsgSelect - IfcCsgSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcGeometricSetSelect - IfcGeometricSetSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcAdvancedBrep - IfcAdvancedBrep
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcAdvancedBrepWithVoids - IfcAdvancedBrepWithVoids
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcBlock - IfcBlock
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcBooleanClippingResult - IfcBooleanClippingResult
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcBooleanResult - IfcBooleanResult
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcBoundingBox - IfcBoundingBox
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcBoxedHalfSpace - IfcBoxedHalfSpace
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcCartesianPointList - IfcCartesianPointList
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcCartesianPointList2D - IfcCartesianPointList2D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcCartesianPointList3D - IfcCartesianPointList3D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcCsgPrimitive3D - IfcCsgPrimitive3D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcCsgSolid - IfcCsgSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcExtrudedAreaSolid - IfcExtrudedAreaSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcExtrudedAreaSolidTapered - IfcExtrudedAreaSolidTapered
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcFaceBasedSurfaceModel - IfcFaceBasedSurfaceModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcFacetedBrep - IfcFacetedBrep
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcFacetedBrepWithVoids - IfcFacetedBrepWithVoids
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid - IfcFixedReferenceSweptAreaSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcGeometricCurveSet - IfcGeometricCurveSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcGeometricSet - IfcGeometricSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcHalfSpaceSolid - IfcHalfSpaceSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcIndexedPolygonalFace - IfcIndexedPolygonalFace
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcIndexedPolygonalFaceWithVoids - IfcIndexedPolygonalFaceWithVoids
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcManifoldSolidBrep - IfcManifoldSolidBrep
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcPolygonalBoundedHalfSpace - IfcPolygonalBoundedHalfSpace
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcPolygonalFaceSet - IfcPolygonalFaceSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcRectangularPyramid - IfcRectangularPyramid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcRevolvedAreaSolid - IfcRevolvedAreaSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcRevolvedAreaSolidTapered - IfcRevolvedAreaSolidTapered
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcRightCircularCone - IfcRightCircularCone
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcRightCircularCylinder - IfcRightCircularCylinder
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcSectionedSpine - IfcSectionedSpine
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcShellBasedSurfaceModel - IfcShellBasedSurfaceModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcSolidModel - IfcSolidModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcSphere - IfcSphere
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcSurfaceCurveSweptAreaSolid - IfcSurfaceCurveSweptAreaSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcSweptAreaSolid - IfcSweptAreaSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcSweptDiskSolid - IfcSweptDiskSolid
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcSweptDiskSolidPolygonal - IfcSweptDiskSolidPolygonal
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcTessellatedFaceSet - IfcTessellatedFaceSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcTessellatedItem - IfcTessellatedItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometricModelResource.IfcTriangulatedFaceSet - IfcTriangulatedFaceSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcArcIndex - IfcArcIndex
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcLineIndex - IfcLineIndex
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBSplineCurveForm - IfcBSplineCurveForm
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBSplineSurfaceForm - IfcBSplineSurfaceForm
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcKnotType - IfcKnotType
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPreferredSurfaceCurveRepresentation - IfcPreferredSurfaceCurveRepresentation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcTransitionCode - IfcTransitionCode
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcTrimmingPreference - IfcTrimmingPreference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcAxis2Placement - IfcAxis2Placement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCurveOnSurface - IfcCurveOnSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSegmentIndexSelect - IfcSegmentIndexSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcTrimmingSelect - IfcTrimmingSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcVectorOrDirection - IfcVectorOrDirection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcAxis1Placement - IfcAxis1Placement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcAxis2Placement2D - IfcAxis2Placement2D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcAxis2Placement3D - IfcAxis2Placement3D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBoundaryCurve - IfcBoundaryCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBoundedCurve - IfcBoundedCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBoundedSurface - IfcBoundedSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBSplineCurve - IfcBSplineCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBSplineCurveWithKnots - IfcBSplineCurveWithKnots
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBSplineSurface - IfcBSplineSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcBSplineSurfaceWithKnots - IfcBSplineSurfaceWithKnots
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCartesianPoint - IfcCartesianPoint
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCartesianTransformationOperator - IfcCartesianTransformationOperator
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D - IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2DnonUniform - IfcCartesianTransformationOperator2DnonUniform
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3D - IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3DnonUniform - IfcCartesianTransformationOperator3DnonUniform
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCircle - IfcCircle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCompositeCurve - IfcCompositeCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCompositeCurveOnSurface - IfcCompositeCurveOnSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCompositeCurveSegment - IfcCompositeCurveSegment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcConic - IfcConic
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCurve - IfcCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCurveBoundedPlane - IfcCurveBoundedPlane
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCurveBoundedSurface - IfcCurveBoundedSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcCylindricalSurface - IfcCylindricalSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcDirection - IfcDirection
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcElementarySurface - IfcElementarySurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcEllipse - IfcEllipse
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcGeometricRepresentationItem - IfcGeometricRepresentationItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcIndexedPolyCurve - IfcIndexedPolyCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcIntersectionCurve - IfcIntersectionCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcLine - IfcLine
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcMappedItem - IfcMappedItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcOffsetCurve2D - IfcOffsetCurve2D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcOffsetCurve3D - IfcOffsetCurve3D
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcOuterBoundaryCurve - IfcOuterBoundaryCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPcurve - IfcPcurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPlacement - IfcPlacement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPlane - IfcPlane
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPoint - IfcPoint
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPointOnCurve - IfcPointOnCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPointOnSurface - IfcPointOnSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcPolyline - IfcPolyline
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcRationalBSplineCurveWithKnots - IfcRationalBSplineCurveWithKnots
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcRationalBSplineSurfaceWithKnots - IfcRationalBSplineSurfaceWithKnots
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcRectangularTrimmedSurface - IfcRectangularTrimmedSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcReparametrisedCompositeCurveSegment - IfcReparametrisedCompositeCurveSegment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcRepresentationItem - IfcRepresentationItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcRepresentationMap - IfcRepresentationMap
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSeamCurve - IfcSeamCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSphericalSurface - IfcSphericalSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSurface - IfcSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSurfaceCurve - IfcSurfaceCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSurfaceOfLinearExtrusion - IfcSurfaceOfLinearExtrusion
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSurfaceOfRevolution - IfcSurfaceOfRevolution
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcSweptSurface - IfcSweptSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcToroidalSurface - IfcToroidalSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcTrimmedCurve - IfcTrimmedCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcGeometryResource.IfcVector - IfcVector
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcCardinalPointReference - IfcCardinalPointReference
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcDirectionSenseEnum - IfcDirectionSenseEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcLayerSetDirectionEnum - IfcLayerSetDirectionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialSelect - IfcMaterialSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterial - IfcMaterial
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialClassificationRelationship - IfcMaterialClassificationRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialConstituent - IfcMaterialConstituent
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialConstituentSet - IfcMaterialConstituentSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialDefinition - IfcMaterialDefinition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialLayer - IfcMaterialLayer
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialLayerSet - IfcMaterialLayerSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialLayerSetUsage - IfcMaterialLayerSetUsage
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialLayerWithOffsets - IfcMaterialLayerWithOffsets
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialList - IfcMaterialList
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialProfile - IfcMaterialProfile
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialProfileSet - IfcMaterialProfileSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialProfileSetUsage - IfcMaterialProfileSetUsage
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialProfileSetUsageTapering - IfcMaterialProfileSetUsageTapering
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialProfileWithOffsets - IfcMaterialProfileWithOffsets
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialProperties - IfcMaterialProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialRelationship - IfcMaterialRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMaterialResource.IfcMaterialUsageDefinition - IfcMaterialUsageDefinition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcAbsorbedDoseMeasure - IfcAbsorbedDoseMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcAccelerationMeasure - IfcAccelerationMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcAmountOfSubstanceMeasure - IfcAmountOfSubstanceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcAngularVelocityMeasure - IfcAngularVelocityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcAreaDensityMeasure - IfcAreaDensityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcAreaMeasure - IfcAreaMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcBinary - IfcBinary
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcBoolean - IfcBoolean
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcComplexNumber - IfcComplexNumber
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcCompoundPlaneAngleMeasure - IfcCompoundPlaneAngleMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcContextDependentMeasure - IfcContextDependentMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcCountMeasure - IfcCountMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcCurvatureMeasure - IfcCurvatureMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDescriptiveMeasure - IfcDescriptiveMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDoseEquivalentMeasure - IfcDoseEquivalentMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDynamicViscosityMeasure - IfcDynamicViscosityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcElectricCapacitanceMeasure - IfcElectricCapacitanceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcElectricChargeMeasure - IfcElectricChargeMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcElectricConductanceMeasure - IfcElectricConductanceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcElectricCurrentMeasure - IfcElectricCurrentMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcElectricResistanceMeasure - IfcElectricResistanceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcElectricVoltageMeasure - IfcElectricVoltageMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcEnergyMeasure - IfcEnergyMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcForceMeasure - IfcForceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcFrequencyMeasure - IfcFrequencyMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcHeatFluxDensityMeasure - IfcHeatFluxDensityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcHeatingValueMeasure - IfcHeatingValueMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcIdentifier - IfcIdentifier
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcIlluminanceMeasure - IfcIlluminanceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcInductanceMeasure - IfcInductanceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcInteger - IfcInteger
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcIntegerCountRateMeasure - IfcIntegerCountRateMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcIonConcentrationMeasure - IfcIonConcentrationMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcIsothermalMoistureCapacityMeasure - IfcIsothermalMoistureCapacityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcKinematicViscosityMeasure - IfcKinematicViscosityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLabel - IfcLabel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLengthMeasure - IfcLengthMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLinearForceMeasure - IfcLinearForceMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLinearMomentMeasure - IfcLinearMomentMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLinearStiffnessMeasure - IfcLinearStiffnessMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLinearVelocityMeasure - IfcLinearVelocityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLogical - IfcLogical
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLuminousFluxMeasure - IfcLuminousFluxMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLuminousIntensityDistributionMeasure - IfcLuminousIntensityDistributionMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcLuminousIntensityMeasure - IfcLuminousIntensityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMagneticFluxDensityMeasure - IfcMagneticFluxDensityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMagneticFluxMeasure - IfcMagneticFluxMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMassDensityMeasure - IfcMassDensityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMassFlowRateMeasure - IfcMassFlowRateMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMassMeasure - IfcMassMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMassPerLengthMeasure - IfcMassPerLengthMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure - IfcNonNegativeLengthMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure - IfcNormalisedRatioMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcPositiveInteger - IfcPositiveInteger
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcPositiveLengthMeasure - IfcPositiveLengthMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcPositivePlaneAngleMeasure - IfcPositivePlaneAngleMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcPositiveRatioMeasure - IfcPositiveRatioMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDerivedUnitEnum - IfcDerivedUnitEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcSIPrefix - IfcSIPrefix
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcSIUnitName - IfcSIUnitName
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcUnitEnum - IfcUnitEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDerivedMeasureValue - IfcDerivedMeasureValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMeasureValue - IfcMeasureValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcSimpleValue - IfcSimpleValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcUnit - IfcUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcValue - IfcValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcContextDependentUnit - IfcContextDependentUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcConversionBasedUnit - IfcConversionBasedUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcConversionBasedUnitWithOffset - IfcConversionBasedUnitWithOffset
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDerivedUnit - IfcDerivedUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDerivedUnitElement - IfcDerivedUnitElement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcDimensionalExponents - IfcDimensionalExponents
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMeasureWithUnit - IfcMeasureWithUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMonetaryUnit - IfcMonetaryUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcModulusOfElasticityMeasure - IfcModulusOfElasticityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcModulusOfLinearSubgradeReactionMeasure - IfcModulusOfLinearSubgradeReactionMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcModulusOfRotationalSubgradeReactionMeasure - IfcModulusOfRotationalSubgradeReactionMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcModulusOfSubgradeReactionMeasure - IfcModulusOfSubgradeReactionMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMoistureDiffusivityMeasure - IfcMoistureDiffusivityMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMolecularWeightMeasure - IfcMolecularWeightMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMomentOfInertiaMeasure - IfcMomentOfInertiaMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcMonetaryMeasure - IfcMonetaryMeasure
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcNamedUnit - IfcNamedUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcSIUnit - IfcSIUnit
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcMeasureResource.IfcUnitAssignment - IfcUnitAssignment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcNullStyle - IfcNullStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcReflectanceMethodEnum - IfcReflectanceMethodEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceSide - IfcSurfaceSide
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcColour - IfcColour
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcColourOrFactor - IfcColourOrFactor
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcCurveFontOrScaledCurveFontSelect - IfcCurveFontOrScaledCurveFontSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcCurveStyleFontSelect - IfcCurveStyleFontSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcFillStyleSelect - IfcFillStyleSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect - IfcHatchLineDistanceSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPresentationStyleSelect - IfcPresentationStyleSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSizeSelect - IfcSizeSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSpecularHighlightSelect - IfcSpecularHighlightSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcStyleAssignmentSelect - IfcStyleAssignmentSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceStyleElementSelect - IfcSurfaceStyleElementSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextFontSelect - IfcTextFontSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcBlobTexture - IfcBlobTexture
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcColourRgb - IfcColourRgb
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcColourRgbList - IfcColourRgbList
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcColourSpecification - IfcColourSpecification
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcCurveStyle - IfcCurveStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcCurveStyleFont - IfcCurveStyleFont
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcCurveStyleFontAndScaling - IfcCurveStyleFontAndScaling
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcCurveStyleFontPattern - IfcCurveStyleFontPattern
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcDraughtingPreDefinedColour - IfcDraughtingPreDefinedColour
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcDraughtingPreDefinedCurveFont - IfcDraughtingPreDefinedCurveFont
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcExternallyDefinedHatchStyle - IfcExternallyDefinedHatchStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcExternallyDefinedSurfaceStyle - IfcExternallyDefinedSurfaceStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcExternallyDefinedTextFont - IfcExternallyDefinedTextFont
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcFillAreaStyle - IfcFillAreaStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcFillAreaStyleHatching - IfcFillAreaStyleHatching
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcFillAreaStyleTiles - IfcFillAreaStyleTiles
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcImageTexture - IfcImageTexture
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcIndexedColourMap - IfcIndexedColourMap
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcIndexedTextureMap - IfcIndexedTextureMap
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcIndexedTriangleTextureMap - IfcIndexedTriangleTextureMap
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPixelTexture - IfcPixelTexture
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPreDefinedColour - IfcPreDefinedColour
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPreDefinedCurveFont - IfcPreDefinedCurveFont
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPreDefinedItem - IfcPreDefinedItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPreDefinedTextFont - IfcPreDefinedTextFont
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPresentationStyle - IfcPresentationStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcPresentationStyleAssignment - IfcPresentationStyleAssignment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcStyledItem - IfcStyledItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceStyle - IfcSurfaceStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceStyleLighting - IfcSurfaceStyleLighting
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceStyleRefraction - IfcSurfaceStyleRefraction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceStyleRendering - IfcSurfaceStyleRendering
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceStyleShading - IfcSurfaceStyleShading
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceStyleWithTextures - IfcSurfaceStyleWithTextures
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcSurfaceTexture - IfcSurfaceTexture
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextStyle - IfcTextStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextStyleFontModel - IfcTextStyleFontModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextStyleForDefinedFont - IfcTextStyleForDefinedFont
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextStyleTextModel - IfcTextStyleTextModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextureCoordinate - IfcTextureCoordinate
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextureCoordinateGenerator - IfcTextureCoordinateGenerator
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextureMap - IfcTextureMap
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextureVertex - IfcTextureVertex
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationAppearanceResource.IfcTextureVertexList - IfcTextureVertexList
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcBoxAlignment - IfcBoxAlignment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcTextPath - IfcTextPath
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcAnnotationFillArea - IfcAnnotationFillArea
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcPlanarBox - IfcPlanarBox
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcPlanarExtent - IfcPlanarExtent
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcPresentationItem - IfcPresentationItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcTextLiteral - IfcTextLiteral
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationDefinitionResource.IfcTextLiteralWithExtent - IfcTextLiteralWithExtent
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightDistributionCurveEnum - IfcLightDistributionCurveEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightEmissionSourceEnum - IfcLightEmissionSourceEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLayeredItem - IfcLayeredItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightDistributionDataSourceSelect - IfcLightDistributionDataSourceSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightDistributionData - IfcLightDistributionData
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightIntensityDistribution - IfcLightIntensityDistribution
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightSource - IfcLightSource
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightSourceAmbient - IfcLightSourceAmbient
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightSourceDirectional - IfcLightSourceDirectional
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightSourceGoniometric - IfcLightSourceGoniometric
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightSourcePositional - IfcLightSourcePositional
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcLightSourceSpot - IfcLightSourceSpot
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcPresentationLayerAssignment - IfcPresentationLayerAssignment
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPresentationOrganizationResource.IfcPresentationLayerWithStyle - IfcPresentationLayerWithStyle
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcProfileTypeEnum - IfcProfileTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcReinforcingBarRoleEnum - IfcReinforcingBarRoleEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcReinforcingBarSurfaceEnum - IfcReinforcingBarSurfaceEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcSectionTypeEnum - IfcSectionTypeEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcArbitraryClosedProfileDef - IfcArbitraryClosedProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcArbitraryOpenProfileDef - IfcArbitraryOpenProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcArbitraryProfileDefWithVoids - IfcArbitraryProfileDefWithVoids
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcAsymmetricIShapeProfileDef - IfcAsymmetricIShapeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcCenterLineProfileDef - IfcCenterLineProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcCircleHollowProfileDef - IfcCircleHollowProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcCircleProfileDef - IfcCircleProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcCompositeProfileDef - IfcCompositeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcCShapeProfileDef - IfcCShapeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcDerivedProfileDef - IfcDerivedProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcEllipseProfileDef - IfcEllipseProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcIShapeProfileDef - IfcIShapeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcLShapeProfileDef - IfcLShapeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcMirroredProfileDef - IfcMirroredProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcParameterizedProfileDef - IfcParameterizedProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcProfileDef - IfcProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcProfileProperties - IfcProfileProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcRectangleHollowProfileDef - IfcRectangleHollowProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcRectangleProfileDef - IfcRectangleProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcReinforcementBarProperties - IfcReinforcementBarProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcRoundedRectangleProfileDef - IfcRoundedRectangleProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcSectionProperties - IfcSectionProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcSectionReinforcementProperties - IfcSectionReinforcementProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcTrapeziumProfileDef - IfcTrapeziumProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcTShapeProfileDef - IfcTShapeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcUShapeProfileDef - IfcUShapeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcProfileResource.IfcZShapeProfileDef - IfcZShapeProfileDef
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcCurveInterpolationEnum - IfcCurveInterpolationEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcObjectReferenceSelect - IfcObjectReferenceSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcComplexProperty - IfcComplexProperty
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcExtendedProperties - IfcExtendedProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPreDefinedProperties - IfcPreDefinedProperties
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcProperty - IfcProperty
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyAbstraction - IfcPropertyAbstraction
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyBoundedValue - IfcPropertyBoundedValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyDependencyRelationship - IfcPropertyDependencyRelationship
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue - IfcPropertyEnumeratedValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyEnumeration - IfcPropertyEnumeration
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyListValue - IfcPropertyListValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyReferenceValue - IfcPropertyReferenceValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertySingleValue - IfcPropertySingleValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcPropertyTableValue - IfcPropertyTableValue
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcPropertyResource.IfcSimpleProperty - IfcSimpleProperty
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity - IfcPhysicalComplexQuantity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcPhysicalQuantity - IfcPhysicalQuantity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity - IfcPhysicalSimpleQuantity
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcQuantityArea - IfcQuantityArea
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcQuantityCount - IfcQuantityCount
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcQuantityLength - IfcQuantityLength
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcQuantityTime - IfcQuantityTime
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcQuantityVolume - IfcQuantityVolume
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcQuantityResource.IfcQuantityWeight - IfcQuantityWeight
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcGeometricProjectionEnum - IfcGeometricProjectionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcGlobalOrLocalEnum - IfcGlobalOrLocalEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcCoordinateReferenceSystemSelect - IfcCoordinateReferenceSystemSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcProductRepresentationSelect - IfcProductRepresentationSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcCoordinateOperation - IfcCoordinateOperation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcCoordinateReferenceSystem - IfcCoordinateReferenceSystem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcGeometricRepresentationContext - IfcGeometricRepresentationContext
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcGeometricRepresentationSubContext - IfcGeometricRepresentationSubContext
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcMapConversion - IfcMapConversion
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcMaterialDefinitionRepresentation - IfcMaterialDefinitionRepresentation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcProductDefinitionShape - IfcProductDefinitionShape
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcProductRepresentation - IfcProductRepresentation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcProjectedCRS - IfcProjectedCRS
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcRepresentation - IfcRepresentation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcRepresentationContext - IfcRepresentationContext
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcShapeAspect - IfcShapeAspect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcShapeModel - IfcShapeModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcShapeRepresentation - IfcShapeRepresentation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcStyledRepresentation - IfcStyledRepresentation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcStyleModel - IfcStyleModel
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcRepresentationResource.IfcTopologyRepresentation - IfcTopologyRepresentation
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcModulusOfRotationalSubgradeReactionSelect - IfcModulusOfRotationalSubgradeReactionSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcModulusOfSubgradeReactionSelect - IfcModulusOfSubgradeReactionSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcModulusOfTranslationalSubgradeReactionSelect - IfcModulusOfTranslationalSubgradeReactionSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcRotationalStiffnessSelect - IfcRotationalStiffnessSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcTranslationalStiffnessSelect - IfcTranslationalStiffnessSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcWarpingStiffnessSelect - IfcWarpingStiffnessSelect
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcBoundaryCondition - IfcBoundaryCondition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcBoundaryEdgeCondition - IfcBoundaryEdgeCondition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcBoundaryFaceCondition - IfcBoundaryFaceCondition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcBoundaryNodeCondition - IfcBoundaryNodeCondition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcBoundaryNodeConditionWarping - IfcBoundaryNodeConditionWarping
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcFailureConnectionCondition - IfcFailureConnectionCondition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcSlippageConnectionCondition - IfcSlippageConnectionCondition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralConnectionCondition - IfcStructuralConnectionCondition
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoad - IfcStructuralLoad
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadConfiguration - IfcStructuralLoadConfiguration
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce - IfcStructuralLoadLinearForce
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadOrResult - IfcStructuralLoadOrResult
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadPlanarForce - IfcStructuralLoadPlanarForce
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadSingleDisplacement - IfcStructuralLoadSingleDisplacement
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadSingleDisplacementDistortion - IfcStructuralLoadSingleDisplacementDistortion
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce - IfcStructuralLoadSingleForce
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadSingleForceWarping - IfcStructuralLoadSingleForceWarping
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadStatic - IfcStructuralLoadStatic
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcStructuralLoadTemperature - IfcStructuralLoadTemperature
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcStructuralLoadResource.IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea - IfcSurfaceReinforcementArea
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcShell - IfcShell
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcAdvancedFace - IfcAdvancedFace
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcClosedShell - IfcClosedShell
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcConnectedFaceSet - IfcConnectedFaceSet
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcEdge - IfcEdge
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcEdgeCurve - IfcEdgeCurve
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcEdgeLoop - IfcEdgeLoop
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcFace - IfcFace
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcFaceBound - IfcFaceBound
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcFaceOuterBound - IfcFaceOuterBound
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcFaceSurface - IfcFaceSurface
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcLoop - IfcLoop
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcOpenShell - IfcOpenShell
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcOrientedEdge - IfcOrientedEdge
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcPath - IfcPath
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcPolyLoop - IfcPolyLoop
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcSubedge - IfcSubedge
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem - IfcTopologicalRepresentationItem
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcVertex - IfcVertex
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcVertexLoop - IfcVertexLoop
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcTopologyResource.IfcVertexPoint - IfcVertexPoint
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcUtilityResource.IfcChangeActionEnum - IfcChangeActionEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcUtilityResource.IfcStateEnum - IfcStateEnum
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcUtilityResource.IfcApplication - IfcApplication
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcUtilityResource.IfcOwnerHistory - IfcOwnerHistory
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcUtilityResource.IfcTable - IfcTable
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcUtilityResource.IfcTableColumn - IfcTableColumn
com.buildingsmart.tech.ifc.IfcUtilityResource.IfcTableRow - IfcTableRow

